front end:
1. Patience Regulation Engine page - use PRE.png --DONE
2. Metamask not enabled landing page -- DONE
3. Handle Metamask user rejection. It causes uncaught error. -- DONE (unnecessary)
4. Bank 
6. Side panel: For how it works and FAQ, sliders, not buttons. --DONE
7. small nav bar functionality -- DONE
8. Set Dependencies--Do after launch
8.1 withdraw donations --DONE
9. How it works -- DONE
10. Burn page - tell user this is dangerous but contributes to other users -- DO after launch
11. Firefox breakpoint messes up PRE layout before shrinking. --DONE
12. Metamask slowdown -> try on Kovan -- BUSY
13. In the future add a reload for network change event. Right now, functionality not supported. -- FUTURE
14. Add a light, dark switch -- DONE (not going to do it. Dark just looks better)
15. FAQ --DONE
17. Update api so it loads version controller and then fetches the addresses based on the current user's version --DONE
18. have a drop down in set dependencies to allow you to change current version. Dependencies will now only ever show one set of contract group.
    You set your active and it refreshes everything. window.reload. --DONE
	18.1 Implement add group which brings a popup of
		all the addresses, the name, version number  -- DONE
19. Upgrade old versions --DONE
	1. method for getting balance by version in weidai. --DONE
	2. method for getting incubating weidai from PRe? Bank? Figure out. -- DONE
	3. Move vArray population into API and call it in initialize. -- DONE
	4. On initialize, loop through versions and get values for incubating and actual --DONE
	5. set disabledUI = !active_version.enabled && user != primary -- DONE
	6. if disabledUI hide everything and disable routing. -- DONE
	7. If balances exist for non active version, setWarningPopup --DONE.
	8. Popup can only close if !disabledUI -- NO
	9. Important notice: MakerDAO periodically releases new versions of Dai, setting the old versions to inactive. Since WeiDai wraps Dai, new versions of WeiDai are released in step with Dai and old versions are disabled. You have positive balances of old weiDai <and are currently using an inactive version of weidai>. For your safety, you may only redeem your balances of old WeiDai for old Dai. MakerDAO provides instructions for how to redeem old Dai for collateral.  
	10. Implement versioned claim and versioned redeem --DONE
	For full functionality of WediDai, you will need to upgrade your version of WeiDai.
	<upgrade now>

	foreach balance of oldWeiDai
	version: 1     balance: 100      <enable weidai>/<redeem>

20. Cleanup: react warnings on popups -- DONE
21. Start in wrong network. Don't get front end errors -- DONE
22. Potential bug when claiming and redeeming in presence of multiple versions
23. Update on logs.... -- NOT yet
24. In set dependencies, need a way to contract.new() my contracts.
	1. On click, make text loading and then new up an address and set it. -- DONE
	2. Line 188 in ContractDeps/index, do all the deployish things via API -- see comments in API. DONE
Governance:
No beta period. Give owner the ability to shut down indefinitely. At some point this power can be handed over to a true DAO but as long as Maker and Ethereum foundations are fickle, I have to keep it centralized.

Kovan:
1. Give myself Kovan Dai. --DONE (address: 0xC4375B7De8af5a38a93548eb8453a498222C4fF2) --DONE
2. Figure out how to deploy to Kovan with correct Dai contract.--DONE
3. Test with multiple users, contract versions etc. Become comfortable deploying new contracts. --DONE
4. Observe if metamask slowdown exists. - It doesn't!

Pre launch: 
read medium's ts*&cs
start a github organization? Investigate

Post launch: 
Set links correctly in action panel
put built static site on github